# Homework 4
## Gavin Kerr

1. It must specify precisely what the product must do and the constraints on the product
2. Example: This tool with refine the quality of the image. This is ambiguous because there is a lack of detail pertaining to quality. There is no definition of quality which leads to uncertainty when going about refining the quality.
3. The diagram starts with the tests, specifically the answers on the test. The answers are then processed to extract the grades. The grades are then stored in two locations, the physical grade book and the electronic grade book. 
4. The diagram starts in the shopping cart. From there, one can either continue shopping, remove items from the cart, or chech out. If one continues shopping or checks out, then it ends there. After one removes items from the cart they stil have the option of shopping or checking out.
5. In this diagram there are orders, products, and customers. There is a many to many relation between product and orders. Additionally, there is a many to many relation between products and customers. There is no direct relation between orders and customers.
6. I break the diagram down to 4 nodes that, at this time, encompass the actions of the ATM. The nodes are: Access account, display account status, edit account balance, and exit account. The only mechanism that is used is the banking network. The two inputs are the accounts database and the user input. The two controls are the users need to access their account and the account itself.
7. I was a little unsure about how I meant to produce this diagram but I think I was able to create a reasonably accurate high level depecition. I this diagram I started with the user accessing the account. Then it breaks down into three paths: viewing the account status, withdrawing money, and depositing money. If the first is chosen, the user gets returned a status message. If the second is chosen, then the user gets returned the money. If the third option is chosen, then the user enters the money and is returned a success message. 
8. The Z diagram I chose is relatively simple and describes the working order of a credit card. The first thing defined is the limit on the card that can not be exceeded. Next is the inital balance that the user has, which is zero. After that is how money can be withdrawn using the card with respect to the limit. Then the deposit function is defined, having less restrictions than the withdraw function. Lastly is the withdraw available function, which seems to withdraw all that is available from the card. 