# Homework 01, CPSC-4175
## Gavin Kerr

1. Canceled projects, late projects, over budget, missing features.
2. I would describe the software development cycle has being complete once the software has been release to the public while the software life cycle implies continued support.
3. I remember an important instance of perfective maintenance when Google bought Youtube.com. Being the client now, Google made a multitude of changes to the Youtube software to better integrate it into the Google system. The most apparent change was that a user required a Google email account to log-in and comment. An instance of adaptive maintenance is the constant updates which are made to the posting website Twitter. Because the website is used internationally, Twitter has to alter how content is displayed and spread in accordance to regulations in different countries. Due to new laws and redefinitions of laws which come out all the time, Twitter is constantly having to change how their software functions.
4. Hardware, once it is produced and comes off the assembly line, can no longer be improved. If there is a flaw or a defect, there is a good chance that that hardware will need to be replaced. However, with the advent of the internet, software is infinitley changeable and upgradeable. Software also doesn't adhear to physical wear and tear. Software made years ago will, generally, work just as well now as it did when it first came out.
5. This makes it clear that there is an emphisis on testing and catching flaws before a product is shipped. This is to lower costs and increase user satisfaction. 
6. This tells me that these three parts need to run parallel to the rest of the phases laid out to us. Instead of limiting them to individual phases, they need to be completed throughout the development process.
7. It appears the object oriented programming combines the different techniques of structured programming. The combination alters the process.
8. It is more important that the developer interact with the client because the job of the developer is to ultimately create a peice of software in the vision of the client.
9. One thing I could do on a yearly basis is take a look at new development methods and programming languages. 
10. The thing that really resinated with me was when the author mentioned the personal connect developers have in the Linux community. Instead of working on projects assigned to them by some higher up that just wants the job done, these individuals find a problem to solve that personally affects them in some way. This creates an interesting dynamic in which the developer is both the client and the user. They know exactly what they want, how they want it to function, and what to fix if things go wrong. Then when this is mixed with the open source aspect, one can reuse code from another individual who was also this odd hybrid. The result is a level of high quality which is noted at by the author. 